Meet the Team 

You will work with a diverse group of some of the brightest problem solvers and thinkers in the Data Center Switching Team that work on next generation of Data Center & Cloud switches.



Your Impact 

You will participate in projects involved in the development of software for our next generation network operating systems for Cisco’s industry leading N9K family of datacenter switches. You will be working on low level device drivers, OS components and application software that interact with home-grown and 3rd party ASICs, FPGAs and SDK.

Define, design, and deliver new platforms for the Nextgen ASICs for the Cisco Data Center Switch Platforms
Write complete functional and design specs independently
Design & develop large portions of software independently and rapidly.
Learn a wide range of Data Center technologies.


Minimum Qualifications:

Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related STEM field combined with 4+ years of experience, or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related STEM field combined with 7+ yrs related experience.
C, C++ programming skills
Hands on experience working with switch/router embedded system software development
Experience working with L2/L3 protocols

Preferred Qualifications: 

OS, System architecture, Linux device driver and user space knowledge 
Experience with high availability related to switch/router products

Message to applicants applying to work in the U.S. and/or Canada:
When available, the salary range posted for this position reflects the projected hiring range for new hire, full-time salaries in U.S. and/or Canada locations, not including equity or benefits. For non-sales roles the hiring ranges reflect base salary only; employees are also eligible to receive annual bonuses. Hiring ranges for sales positions include base and incentive compensation target. Individual pay is determined by the candidate's hiring location and additional factors, including but not limited to skillset, experience, and relevant education, certifications, or training. Applicants may not be eligible for the full salary range based on their U.S. or Canada hiring location. The recruiter can share more details about compensation for the role in your location during the hiring process.

U.S. employees have access to quality medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with a Cisco matching contribution, short and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance and numerous wellbeing offerings.

Employees receive up to twelve paid holidays per calendar year, which includes one floating holiday (for non-exempt employees), plus a day off for their birthday. Non-Exempt new hires accrue up to 16 days of vacation time off each year, at a rate of 4.92 hours per pay period. Exempt new hires participate in Cisco’s flexible Vacation Time Off policy, which does not place a defined limit on how much vacation time eligible employees may use, but is subject to availability and some business limitations. All new hires are eligible for Sick Time Off subject to Cisco’s Sick Time Off Policy and will have eighty (80) hours of sick time off provided on their hire date and on January 1st of each year thereafter.  Up to 80 hours of unused sick time will be carried forward from one calendar year to the next such that the maximum number of sick time hours an employee may have available is 160 hours. Employees in Illinois have a unique time off program designed specifically with local requirements in mind. All employees also have access to paid time away to deal with critical or emergency issues. We offer additional paid time to volunteer and give back to the community.

Employees on sales plans earn performance-based incentive pay on top of their base salary, which is split between quota and non-quota components. For quota-based incentive pay, Cisco typically pays as follows:

.75% of incentive target for each 1% of revenue attainment up to 50% of quota;

1.5% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 50% and 75%;

1% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 75% and 100%; and once performance exceeds 100% attainment, incentive rates are at or above 1% for each 1% of attainment with no cap on incentive compensation.

For non-quota-based sales performance elements such as strategic sales objectives, Cisco may pay up to 125% of target. Cisco sales plans do not have a minimum threshold of performance for sales incentive compensation to be paid.