Salesforce Inc. seeks Software Engineering MTS in San Francisco, CA:

Job Duties: Research, design, and develop computer and network software or specialized utility programs. Update software or enhance existing software capabilities. Responsible for supporting the delivery of world class scalable data access for Salesforce customers through Read-Only Clones for Scale (ROCS). Empower services within CRM Core Infrastructure to leverage read-only replicas of the primary database to serve traffic. Support the imperatives of Scale, delivering next generation B2C Commerce and Service scale on the Core Platform and update the Core App Replication service responsible for replicating critical data between all Salesforce instances, both First Party and Hyperforce. Design and implement major pieces of the salesforce.com core database infrastructure. Formulate and implement evaluate algorithms to support service scalability and stability. Collaborate with colleagues and stakeholders in designing, developing, deploying, operating, and monitoring software systems, and services. Resolve complex technical issues and customer investigations and drive innovation that improves system availability, resiliency, and performance. ˆHQ address additionally encompasses the following Salesforce locations in San Francisco: 350 Mission Street, 415 Mission Street, and 50 Fremont Street. The permanent position may be offered at any of these locations in San Francisco. Telecommuting is an option. Some travel to Salesforce offices in San Francisco will be required.

Minimum Requirements: Master’s degree (or its foreign degree equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering (any field), or a related quantitative discipline, and two (2) years of experience in the job offered or in any occupation in a related field.

A related technical degree required (Computer Science, Engineering (any field)).

Special Skill Requirements: (1) Java; (2) Python; (3) Oracle / MySQL; (4) Salesforce.com / CRM / B2C Commerce; (5) SSL / TLS; (6) OAuth 2.0; (7) Algorithms; (8) UI/UX; (9) Test Driven Development (TDD) / JUnit; (10) Maven; (11) Git; and (12) PubSub. Any suitable combination of education, training and/or experience is acceptable. Telecommuting is an option. Some travel to Salesforce offices in San Francisco will be required.